organization.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Organization 
permalink: /organization/
---

### **General Chair**
- Guanfeng Liu, Macquarie University, Australia
- Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo, The University of Texas at San Antonio, USA
- Hongzhi Yin, The University of Queensland, Australia
### **Program Chair**
- [Xuyun Zhang](https://researchers.mq.edu.au/en/persons/xuyun-zhang), Macquarie University, Australia
- Deepak Puthal, Newcastle University, UK
- Chi Yang, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, China
### **Publicity Chair**
- Hongxu Chen, University of Technology Sydney, Australia
### **Sponsorship Chair**
- Lianyong Qi, Qufu Normal University, China
### **Web Chair**
- Haolong Xiang, Macquarie University, Australia
### **Technical Program Committee**
- Lingjuan Lyu,National University of Singapore,Singapore
- Luigi Catuogno, University of Salerno, Italy 
- Xiaochun Cheng, Middlesex University, U.K. 
- Dieter Gollmann, Hamburg University of Technology, Germany 
- Yifeng Zheng, Harbin Institute of Technology, China
- Saeid Hosseini, Singapore University of Technology & Design, Singapore 
- Hadis Karimipour, University of Guelph, Canada 
- Weizhi Meng, Technical University of Denmark, Denmark 
- Vincenzo Moscato, University of Naples, Italy 
- Chao Chen, Swinburne University of Technology, Australia 
- Nathan Clarke, University of Plymouth, UK 
- Javier Parra-Arnau, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Spain
- Wenjuan Li, Hong Kong Polytechnic University,HongKong
- Lam Kwok Yan, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 
- Hui Liu, University of Calgary, Canada 
- Ali Ismail Awad, Lulea University of Technology, Sweden 
- Reza Malekian, Malmo University, Sweden 
- Meng Liu,Shandong University,China
- Xiaolong Xu,Nanjing University of Information Science and Technology,China
- Zhiyuan Tan,Edinburgh Napier University,UK
- Gaofeng Zhang,Hefei University of Technology,China
- Xiao Liu,Deakin University,Australia
- Tao Xu,Northwestern Polytechnical University,China
- Yirui Wu,Hohai University,China
- Liangfu Lv,Tianjin University,China
- Shunmei Meng,Nanjing University of Science and Technology,China
- Yanwei Xu,Tianjin University,China

Commit message:

updated page content for PSTDA2022

organization.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Organization 
permalink: /organization/
---

### **General Chair**
- Shui Yu, University of Technology Sydney, Australia
- Kim-Kwang Raymond Choo, The University of Texas at San Antonio, USA
- Guanfeng Liu, Macquarie University, Australia
### **Program Chair**
- [Xuyun Zhang](https://researchers.mq.edu.au/en/persons/xuyun-zhang), Macquarie University, Australia
- TBA
- Yifeng Zheng, Harbin Institute of Technology, China
### **Publicity Chair**
- Hongxu Chen, University of Technology Sydney, Australia
- Hongsheng Hu, University of Auckland, New Zealand
### **Sponsorship Chair**
- Lianyong Qi, Qufu Normal University, China
### **Web Chair**
- Haolong Xiang, Macquarie University, Australia
### **Technical Program Committee**
To be updated ...
- Lingjuan Lyu,National University of Singapore,Singapore
- Luigi Catuogno, University of Salerno, Italy 
- Xiaochun Cheng, Middlesex University, U.K. 
- Dieter Gollmann, Hamburg University of Technology, Germany 
- Saeid Hosseini, Singapore University of Technology & Design, Singapore 
- Hadis Karimipour, University of Guelph, Canada 
- Weizhi Meng, Technical University of Denmark, Denmark 
- Vincenzo Moscato, University of Naples, Italy 
- Chao Chen, Swinburne University of Technology, Australia 
- Nathan Clarke, University of Plymouth, UK 
- Javier Parra-Arnau, Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Spain
- Wenjuan Li, Hong Kong Polytechnic University,HongKong
- Lam Kwok Yan, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 
- Hui Liu, University of Calgary, Canada 
- Ali Ismail Awad, Lulea University of Technology, Sweden 
- Reza Malekian, Malmo University, Sweden 
- Meng Liu,Shandong University,China
- Xiaolong Xu,Nanjing University of Information Science and Technology,China
- Zhiyuan Tan,Edinburgh Napier University,UK
- Gaofeng Zhang,Hefei University of Technology,China
- Xiao Liu,Deakin University,Australia
- Tao Xu,Northwestern Polytechnical University,China
- Yirui Wu,Hohai University,China
- Liangfu Lv,Tianjin University,China
- Shunmei Meng,Nanjing University of Science and Technology,China
- Yanwei Xu,Tianjin University,China
